In the last video, we tried to fetch data from two locations inside of our component inside of get
initial props.
Now inside the component right here, this call is executed on the browser for sure, without a doubt.
It is technically also executed on the server, but we're just going to forget that for just a moment.
When we executed this call on the browser.
We saw without a doubt that we got a good response back.
There's my current user request.
I got back some data.
Everything worked as expected, but as soon as we tried to make that request, instead of get initial
props and remember this is executed on the server, we saw a big, nasty error.
Let's uncomment that really quick, save the file, look back over, refresh the page and there we go.
There's the big nasty error.
This barely even makes sense.
We don't even really see any actionable error message here.
What does that even mean?
What does this error message mean?
So in this video, we're going to figure out exactly what is going on.
Now, just so you know, this whole issue we're currently running into is pretty much why I wanted to
use server side rendering in the first place for this particular application.
I didn't really care quite so much about SEO benefits or anything like that.
I really just wanted you to see this air just to give you some more insight into what is going on in
the world of Kubernetes.
Okay.
So let's first take a look at a diagram that's going to investigate exactly what happened when we made
that request from the browser successfully.
So that was when we had that request right there only, and we had come to that get initial props.
So why was this working and exactly what is going on behind the scenes?
Well, let's zoom in and take a look.
All right.
So we're going to start off first up on this top flow.
So we typed in ticketing dev into our browser that made a request off to some networking level or layer
on your computer.
Now remember, we have set up our host file to translate ticketing dev into local host.
So when we made this request from our browser, something on your machine, some networking layer,
translated that into a get request to 127001.
And by default, because we did not specify a port, the port was set to 80.
So that is where we are making our request to ultimately.
Now that port on localhost has been bound to by ingress engine x.
Any time you make a request to that port, that IP ingress Engine X is going to receive that request
and root it off appropriately.
So in this case, because we were making a request to ticketing dev without any path on their ingress,
engine x decided to send that request on to our client application.
So next JJ's built up some HTML document and sent it back down to us.
So it responded and that eventually came back to us as some fully rendered HTML file.
Of course, we were not actually fetching any data or anything like that inside of this initial approach,
but nonetheless, there might have been some initial HTML inside there.
Who knows?
The point is, we got to respond successfully.
So then inside the browser, our browser took that HTML file, it rendered it.
It might have also fetch some additional JavaScript files.
And then eventually we had some code inside of our React application that made use of Axios to make
a follow up request.
So that request is this request right here.
So we made a request and we specifically designated a path only we said make a request to just API users
current user.
So as you see right here, just a path.
We have not specified a domain or anything like that.
Whenever we try to make a request and we do not specify the domain by default, your browser is going
to assume that you're trying to make a request to the current domain.
So as a matter of fact, if I flip back over after fixing up my code, I'm going to save this file really
quickly with that stuff.
Commented it out.
So now if I take a look at the successful current user request right here and look at the headers tab,
I'll see that the final request URL that the browser decided to use was in fact ticketing dev API users.
Current user.
So even though we typed into our code just API users current user, the browser expanded that into ticketing
dev API users, current user.
So again, that went through some kind of networking layer on your computer.
And because of the config that we put into that host file, your computer decided to ultimately translate
that into 12700 180 and then the actual root.
So again, that got forwarded into ingress engine X, ingress engine x took a look at the path on there
so API users current user and decided to for that on to the off service and we got a response from the
service and everything worked as expected.
So again, this entire flow is when everything up here to work.
So let's now take a look at a very similar diagram.
But we're going to imagine or kind of picture the case in which we were making this request from the
server instead, not from the browser.
So we're going to look at a diagram that's going to handle this case right here without really making
the request from inside the components.
Why did this fail so catastrophically?
Why did we see that really nasty error message?
This one right here.
Well, let's take a look at the diagram.
Okay.
So I'm going to zoom in.
So in this case we entered into contact dev into our address bar and hit enter or we just refresh the
page like so.
That made a request off to ticketing Dev.
Now once again, that got translated by your computer because that host file setting to a request for
1 to 7 001 80.
So that went off to ingress engine x.
Ingress Engine X took a look at the path on that request.
It didn't see anything, so it decided to send it off to our default handler, which is essentially
our client service.
So that request was then handled inside of next JJ's.
I'm going to zoom in on this thing.
So next, Jess took a look at that incoming request.
It took a look, tried to see if there was any path on there or anything like that.
It did not see one.
So I has decided to show the route, route or essentially our index DOJ's file.
Inside of indexes is our landing page.
And remember what I told you.
Whenever snags is rendering our stuff on the server, it's going to call that component's associated
get initial props function.
So that's when this thing right here was invoked.
Then inside there we wrote out some code that said, make a request to just API users current user.
And again, we did not specify a domain.
So next JZ or really Axios in this case attempted to issue that request.
That request with just the route right there, went through some networking layer once again.
Now I just have networking right here.
This is actually some HTTP stuff implemented by node nodes.
HTTP layer works similar to the browser.
If you do not specify a domain right there, the nodes HTTP layer is going to just assume that you are
trying to make a request on your local machine.
So nodes HTTP layer is going to automatically stick a domain on there of possibly a local host or really
it's 12701.
So again, nodes, HTTP layer says, well, I need a domain to make the request to so I'm just going
to throw in local machine good enough.
So we ultimately tried to make a request to 1 to 7 001 80.
Now, here's the really super critical thing to remember.
We are running our next application inside of a container.
That container is essentially its own little world.
So when we try to make a request to 127001 480, that request one to port 80 inside of the container.
It did not somehow get redirected back out to ingress engine x.
It didn't magically get sent back out there.
Instead, it went to local host inside of this container.
There's nothing running on Port 80 inside that container right now.
Nothing.
So that is why we end up seeing a message right here of connection.
Refused 12700 180.
This IP address 127001.
That's not talking about local host on your personal machine or essentially like your entire overall
machine.
Instead that is local host inside the container.
And again, nothing is listing on local host port 80 inside the container.
So that's why we are seeing this nasty error message here.
So the request that we had intended to probably go off to ingress in Gen X and we had probably been
hoping for that to be read it off to the service.
Or alternatively, we would have hoped for that request to just go to the service directly like any
of those would have been appropriate.
That never happened.
The request never went to ingress in Gen X and got routed.
And the other alternative just going directly to the service.
That also did not happen.
And so we ended up with that really nasty error message.
All right.
So again, that's pretty much the reason we use jazz.
I really just wanted you to see this kind of big problem in action.
So how are we going to deal with this?
That's the real question.
What are we going to do?
How are we going to somehow fix this error?
Well, let's take a pause right here.
Come back to the next video and figure out exactly how we're going to solve this.